hey guys evan here hope you guys are
doing well and today I wanted to do a
spell spotlight on the jump spell which
can be unlocked at townhall 9 after that
I'm going to show you some attacks that
utilize two jump spells instead of just
one but without further ado let's go
ahead and jump right into some tips
alright so number one a jump spell is a
wall breaker buddy once you break
through the outer core with some initial
wall breakers you can funnel you're
stronger troops to the inner core the
base with a single jump spell now
because you no longer need those
additional wall breakers for that inner
core this leaves you some flexibility to
swap out wall breakers with stronger
troops such as more wizards
now with the new jump spell AI troops
will be funneled if they haven't already
found a more logical and different path
and if you see here in this raid the
Pekka started getting attacked by the
defensive clan castle troops so they
started to turn around instead of taking
that pathway to the jump spell all right
number two you want to lay down your
jump spell early the maximum amount of
time a battle can take is three minutes
now at level one a jump spell lasts for
30 seconds which is a pretty long time
and at maxed out level a jump spell will
last for 60 seconds so if you do have a
max out jump spell it might make sense
if you lay it down early where you want
your troops to go so that's one less
thing you have to worry about as you
deploy your troops all right number
three you want to hit the bull's-eye so
just realize that if even a sliver of
that outer jump spell ring is exposed
the troops will jump over it so now if
you want to jump over two rows of walls
I want you to imagine that the jump
spell has sort of a bull's-eye in the
middle and you want to get that bullseye
right at that halfway point between the
two rows of walls basically to maximize
the amount of rows it can jump over now
you might also want to place your jump
spell so it encompasses a t-junction of
walls so troops can jump into multiple
compartments alright now that we have
the basics covered I want to show you a
really interesting raiding strategy that
my clan mate refers to as jump in and
jump out now it uses the goal wipe
composition and if you want my guide to
that it'll be on your screen but instead
of bringing one jump spell he brings two
jump spells now the logic behind the
jump in jump out strategy is that with a
regular goal wipe your goal is to get
your Pekka to the core of the base to
take out the townhall fit
one star now but the issue with the goal
wipe is sometimes if you are in fact
lucky enough to take that Town Hall for
that one star the challenge is to make
sure you clean up enough of that base to
get that 50% for that second star now
often times your pekka's and heroes die
in the middle of the base because
they're in that little kill zone of all
of the surrounding defences so this is
where the second jump spell comes into
play you have your units jump out of the
core and try to pick up that extra
percentage now this tactic not only
really helps out in clan wars and in
trophy pushing but also in farming
because this allows you the opportunity
to destroy additional gold elixir or
even dark elixir storages by jumping out
of the core of the base so I think this
is a very unique tactic now as mentioned
earlier this will help to add about 10
to 20% extra damage on a base compared
to if you only used one jump spell so
the current spell composition that I
have been trying out is one rage one
freeze one lightning and two jump spells
now the Lightning is of course for the
clan castle troops if any the rage is
for the core of the base for the pekka's
golems and heroes and the freeze is for
any inferno towers or Tesla's and then
of course the two jump spells is for the
jump in and the jump out but that's
about it guys just to recap if you want
to understand and learn your jump spell
a little bit better just note that it's
a wall breaker buddy you want to lay it
down early and you want to hit the
bullseye but thanks again for watching
guys don't forget to Like comment
favorite and subscribe but other than
that thanks again for watching guys
until next time stay classy not trashy
and keep on clashing on Oh
Oh
Greta for variant